README.md, before:

# MinestomFluids

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/TogAr2/MinestomFluids.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Minestom-ff69b4?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Minestom/Minestom)

MinestomFluids is a simple library for Minestom, which adds fluid mechanics.

The maven repository is available on [jitpack](https://jitpack.io/#TogAr2/MinestomFluids).

## Usage

To use the library, add it as a dependency to your project.

Before using it, you should call `MinestomFluids.init()`.
This will register the custom `BlockPlacementRule` that allows the fluids to detect when a neighbour changes.
After you've initialized the extension, you can get an `EventNode` containing listeners which provide fluid ticking using `MinestomBlocks.events()`.
By adding this node as a child to any other node, you enable the fluids in that scope.

Example:
```java
MinestomFluids.init();
MinecraftServer.getGlobalEventHandler().addChild(MinestomFluids.events());
```

MinestomFluids will call a `WaterBlockBreakEvent` upon breaking a block, which can be cancelled to prevent the action.

## Contributing

You are welcome to open an issue or pull request.

Commit message:

Fix events and update readme

README.md, after:

# MinestomFluids

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/TogAr2/MinestomFluids.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Minestom-ff69b4?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Minestom/Minestom)

MinestomFluids is a simple library for Minestom, which adds fluid mechanics.
It currently supports both water and lava, and also has support for waterlogging.

The maven repository is available on [jitpack](https://jitpack.io/#TogAr2/MinestomFluids).

## Usage

To use the library, add it as a dependency to your project.

Before using it, you should call `MinestomFluids.init()`.
This will register the custom `BlockPlacementRule` that allows the fluids to detect when a neighbour changes.
After you've initialized the extension, you can get an `EventNode` containing listeners which provide fluid ticking using `MinestomBlocks.events()`.
By adding this node as a child to any other node, you enable the fluids in that scope.

Example:
```java
MinestomFluids.init();
MinecraftServer.getGlobalEventHandler().addChild(MinestomFluids.events());
```

When placing a fluid by code, you should use `instance.placeBlock()` instead of `setBlock()`, because it will cause the block handler of the fluid to trigger. Otherwise, it will not start to flow.

You can register a custom waterlog handler for certain blocks using `MinestomFluids.registerWaterlog(Block, WaterLogHandler)`.
By default, every waterloggable block has the same handler.

## Events

- `FluidBlockBreakEvent`: called upon breaking a block, which can be cancelled or can be used to set the new fluid state.
- `LavaSolidifyEvent`: called when lava turns into stone/cobblestone/obsidian when in contact with water. This event can be cancelled or can be used to change the resulting block.

## Contributing

You are welcome to open an issue or pull request.
